uses-permission [android:name=com.yahoo.mobile.client.android.permissions.YAHOO_INTER_APP] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.INTERNET] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.VIBRATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.GET_TASKS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.CAMERA] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.MODIFY_AUDIO_SETTINGS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.RECORD_AUDIO] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WAKE_LOCK] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.BROADCAST_STICKY] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.READ_PHONE_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.CALL_PHONE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.MODIFY_PHONE_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.INTERNET] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.READ_PHONE_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_COARSE_LOCATION] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_FINE_LOCATION] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_LOCATION_EXTRA_COMMANDS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_MOCK_LOCATION] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.RECEIVE_BOOT_COMPLETED] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_FINE_LOCATION] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.INTERNET] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.PERSISTENT_ACTIVITY] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WAKE_LOCK] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.INTERNET] -> null
uses-permission [name=android.permission.ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=com.yahoo.mobile.client.android.permissions.YAHOO_INTER_APP] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.RECEIVE_BOOT_COMPLETED] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.INTERNET] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.READ_PHONE_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.VIBRATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.SEND_SMS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.RECEIVE_SMS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.GET_TASKS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.READ_CONTACTS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WRITE_CONTACTS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.READ_LOGS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.GET_ACCOUNTS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.USE_CREDENTIALS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.MANAGE_ACCOUNTS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.AUTHENTICATE_ACCOUNTS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ADD_ACCOUNTS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WRITE_SETTINGS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WRITE_SECURE_SETTINGS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WRITE_CONTACTS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.READ_SYNC_STATS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.READ_SYNC_SETTINGS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WRITE_SYNC_SETTINGS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WAKE_LOCK] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.READ_PHONE_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.READ_CONTACTS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.RECEIVE_SMS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.RECEIVE_MMS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.READ_SMS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WRITE_SMS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.SEND_SMS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.VIBRATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WAKE_LOCK] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.INTERNET] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.INTERNET] -> null
uses-permission [name=android.permission.ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.CAMERA] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.VIBRATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.BROADCAST_STICKY] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_FINE_LOCATION] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.INTERNET] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.MODIFY_AUDIO_SETTINGS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.INTERNET] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.READ_PHONE_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_COARSE_LOCATION] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_FINE_LOCATION] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_WIFI_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.RECEIVE_BOOT_COMPLETED] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.VIBRATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.INTERNET] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.READ_SMS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.READ_LOGS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WAKE_LOCK] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.CALL_PHONE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.READ_CONTACTS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.READ_PHONE_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_WIFI_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_FINE_LOCATION] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.RECEIVE_BOOT_COMPLETED] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.INTERNET] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_COARSE_LOCATION] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.READ_SMS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=com.android.vending.BILLING] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.READ_CONTACTS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.CALL_PHONE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.GET_ACCOUNTS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.INTERNET] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=vsin.t16_funny_photo.permission.C2D_MESSAGE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=com.google.android.c2dm.permission.RECEIVE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WAKE_LOCK] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.INTERNET] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.CAMERA] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.SET_WALLPAPER] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.READ_PHONE_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_COARSE_LOCATION] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_FINE_LOCATION] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=com.android.vending.BILLING] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.RECORD_AUDIO] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WAKE_LOCK] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.READ_PHONE_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.INTERNET] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.INTERNET] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_WIFI_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_CHECKIN_PROPERTIES] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WAKE_LOCK] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.MODIFY_PHONE_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_FINE_LOCATION] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_COARSE_LOCATION] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_GPS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_MOCK_LOCATION] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.CHANGE_WIFI_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.CHANGE_NETWORK_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WRITE_SECURE_SETTINGS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WRITE_SETTINGS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.READ_PHONE_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.GET_ACCOUNTS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.AUTHENTICATE_ACCOUNTS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.INTERNET] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_FINE_LOCATION] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.INTERNET] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_FINE_LOCATION] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.INTERNET] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.CALL_PHONE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_FINE_LOCATION] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_COARSE_LOCATION] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.CAMERA] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.VIBRATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.INTERNET] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.CALL_PHONE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.SEND_SMS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.READ_CONTACTS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_FINE_LOCATION] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_COARSE_LOCATION] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.INTERNET] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.RECEIVE_BOOT_COMPLETED] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.GET_TASKS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.INTERNET] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WRITE_CALENDAR] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.READ_CALENDAR] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.READ_CONTACTS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WRITE_CONTACTS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.CALL_PHONE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.SEND_SMS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.READ_PHONE_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_FINE_LOCATION] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.INTERNET] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.READ_PHONE_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.VIBRATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.INTERNET] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.SET_WALLPAPER] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.VIBRATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.INTERNET] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.SET_WALLPAPER] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.VIBRATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.INTERNET] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.SET_WALLPAPER] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.VIBRATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.INTERNET] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.SET_WALLPAPER] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.VIBRATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.INTERNET] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.SET_WALLPAPER] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.VIBRATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.INTERNET] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.SET_WALLPAPER] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.SYSTEM_ALERT_WINDOW] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.READ_CONTACTS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.READ_SMS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.INJECT_EVENT] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_COARSE_LOCATION] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.CHANGE_NETWORK_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.READ_PHONE_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.MODIFY_PHONE_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_COARSE_UPDATES] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.VIBRATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.DISABLE_KEYGUARD] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WAKE_LOCK] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.MODIFY_AUDIO_SETTINGS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.GET_ACCOUNTS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.GET_TASKS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.CALL_PHONE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.RECORD_AUDIO] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.INTERNET] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.EXPAND_STATUS_BAR] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.VIBRATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WRITE_CALENDAR] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.READ_CALENDAR] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.RECEIVE_BOOT_COMPLETED] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WRITE_CONTACTS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.CALL_PHONE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.READ_CONTACTS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.READ_SMS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.INJECT_EVENT] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.INTERNET] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_FINE_LOCATION] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.SEND_SMS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WRITE_SMS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WRITE_SETTINGS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.INTERNET] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_FINE_LOCATION] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.VIBRATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.READ_USER_DICTIONARY] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WRITE_USER_DICTIONARY] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.READ_CONTACTS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.INTERNET] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.READ_PHONE_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_FINE_LOCATION] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_COARSE_LOCATION] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.INTERNET] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.CAMERA] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_COARSE_LOCATION] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.VIBRATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WAKE_LOCK] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.READ_PHONE_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.INTERNET] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_WIFI_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.BLUETOOTH] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.CALL_PHONE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.CHANGE_NETWORK_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.CHANGE_WIFI_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.INTERNET] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.READ_CONTACTS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.READ_PHONE_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.READ_SMS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.RECEIVE_BOOT_COMPLETED] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.RECEIVE_SMS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.SET_WALLPAPER] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WAKE_LOCK] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WRITE_CONTACTS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WRITE_SMS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.CALL_PHONE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.INTERNET] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.CAMERA] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_COARSE_LOCATION] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_FINE_LOCATION] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WRITE_SETTINGS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.VIBRATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.INTERNET] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.READ_CONTACTS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WRITE_CONTACTS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.MOUNT_UNMOUNT_FILESYSTEMS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.INSTALL_PACKAGES] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.CAMERA] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.GET_ACCOUNTS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.INTERNET] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.READ_CONTACTS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.READ_USER_DICTIONARY] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WRITE_USER_DICTIONARY] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.READ_SMS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.RECORD_AUDIO] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.VIBRATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.VIBRATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.READ_USER_DICTIONARY] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WRITE_USER_DICTIONARY] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.READ_CONTACTS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.RECORD_AUDIO] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.READ_CONTACTS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.READ_PHONE_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=com.android.vending.BILLING] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.INTERNET] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.UPDATE_DEVICE_STATS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_MOCK_LOCATION] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.READ_PHONE_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_FINE_LOCATION] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.RESTART_PACKAGES] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.READ_LOGS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.VIBRATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.KILL_BACKGROUND_PROCESSES] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.RESTART_PACKAGES] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_WIFI_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.INTERNET] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_WIFI_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.INTERNET] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_FINE_LOCATION] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.CAMERA] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WRITE_OWNER_DATA] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.FLASHLIGHT] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.SEND_SMS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.VIBRATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.INTERNET] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.SET_WALLPAPER] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_COARSE_LOCATION] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.INTERNET] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.READ_CONTACTS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.READ_PHONE_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.READ_SMS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.RECEIVE_SMS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.SEND_SMS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.VIBRATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WRITE_CONTACTS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WRITE_SMS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.GET_TASKS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.INTERNET] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_WIFI_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.READ_PHONE_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.CALL_PHONE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.INTERNET] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.READ_CONTACTS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.READ_PHONE_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_WIFI_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_COARSE_LOCATION] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_FINE_LOCATION] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.INTERNET] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.VIBRATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.INTERNET] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.CALL_PHONE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_FINE_LOCATION] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_MOCK_LOCATION] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_COARSE_LOCATION] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.RESTART_PACKAGES] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.READ_PHONE_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.INTERNET] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.VIBRATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_COARSE_LOCATION] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_FINE_LOCATION] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_COARSE_LOCATION] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.INTERNET] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_FINE_LOCATION] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.SEND_SMS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WAKE_LOCK] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_WIFI_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.GET_ACCOUNTS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.READ_PHONE_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.INTERNET] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_FINE_LOCATION] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.INTERNET] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_COARSE_LOCATION] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_FINE_LOCATION] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.LOCATION] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_FINE_LOCATION] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_MOCK_LOCATION] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.VIBRATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.INTERNET] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.SET_WALLPAPER] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.VIBRATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.INTERNET] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.SET_WALLPAPER] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.VIBRATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.INTERNET] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.SET_WALLPAPER] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.VIBRATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.INTERNET] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.SET_WALLPAPER] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.VIBRATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.INTERNET] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.SET_WALLPAPER] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.INTERNET] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_COARSE_LOCATION] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.INTERNET] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_FINE_LOCATION] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.INTERNET] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_FINE_LOCATION] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_COARSE_LOCATION] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.CAMERA] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.INTERNET] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.READ_SMS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.RECEIVE_SMS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.READ_CONTACTS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.INTERNET] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WAKE_LOCK] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.INTERNET] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.READ_PHONE_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.RESTART_PACKAGES] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.READ_PHONE_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.INTERNET] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.VIBRATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_COARSE_LOCATION] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_FINE_LOCATION] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.INTERNET] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_FINE_LOCATION] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.INTERNET] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_COARSE_LOCATION] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.READ_SMS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=com.android.vending.BILLING] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.INTERNET] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.CAMERA] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_COARSE_LOCATION] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.VIBRATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WAKE_LOCK] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.READ_PHONE_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.INTERNET] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.READ_PHONE_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_FINE_LOCATION] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_COARSE_LOCATION] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.INTERNET] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.CALL_PHONE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_FINE_LOCATION] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_COARSE_LOCATION] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.CAMERA] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.VIBRATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.SEND_SMS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.RECEIVE_SMS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.INTERNET] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.READ_PHONE_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.RECEIVE_BOOT_COMPLETED] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.MOUNT_UNMOUNT_FILESYSTEMS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.CALL_PHONE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.READ_PHONE_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_WIFI_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.VIBRATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.MODIFY_PHONE_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.READ_CONTACTS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.PROCESS_OUTGOING_CALLS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.SYSTEM_ALERT_WINDOW] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WRITE_SETTINGS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=com.android.launcher.permission.INSTALL_SHORTCUT] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.INTERNET] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.RESTART_PACKAGES] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.READ_PHONE_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.INTERNET] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.VIBRATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_COARSE_LOCATION] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_FINE_LOCATION] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.INTERNET] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_FINE_LOCATION] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=com.google.android.providers.gsf.permission.READ_GSERVICES] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.INTERNET] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_FINE_LOCATION] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.GET_ACCOUNTS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.MANAGE_ACCOUNTS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=com.google.android.googleapps.permission.GOOGLE_AUTH] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=com.google.android.googleapps.permission.GOOGLE_AUTH.lh2] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.READ_CONTACTS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.READ_PHONE_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.USE_CREDENTIALS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WAKE_LOCK] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.SET_WALLPAPER] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.GET_ACCOUNTS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.INTERNET] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.MANAGE_ACCOUNTS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.USE_CREDENTIALS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.VIBRATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.USE_CREDENTIALS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.READ_SYNC_STATS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.READ_SYNC_SETTINGS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WRITE_SYNC_SETTINGS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.SUBSCRIBED_FEEDS_READ] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.SUBSCRIBED_FEEDS_WRITE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.CAMERA] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.GET_ACCOUNTS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.INTERNET] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.MANAGE_ACCOUNTS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.MODIFY_AUDIO_SETTINGS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.RECORD_AUDIO] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.USE_CREDENTIALS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WAKE_LOCK] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_COARSE_LOCATION] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.INTERNET] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.READ_SMS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=com.android.vending.BILLING] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WAKE_LOCK] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.INTERNET] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.READ_PHONE_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.CAMERA] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.INTERNET] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WAKE_LOCK] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.LOCATION] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_FINE_LOCATION] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.RESTART_PACKAGES] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_WIFI_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.INSTALL_PACKAGES] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.READ_PHONE_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WRITE_OWNER_DATA] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.CALL_PHONE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.INTERNET] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.CAMERA] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.FLASHLIGHT] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_COARSE_LOCATION] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_FINE_LOCATION] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.RECORD_AUDIO] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.READ_PHONE_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=com.android.launcher.permission.INSTALL_SHORTCUT] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=com.google.android.c2dm.permission.RECEIVE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.RECEIVE_BOOT_COMPLETED] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=com.springpad.permission.C2D_MESSAGE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.READ_PHONE_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.INTERNET] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.READ_CONTACTS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.CALL_PHONE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.INTERNET] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WAKE_LOCK] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.SET_WALLPAPER] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.INTERNET] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.READ_PHONE_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.INTERNET] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.INTERNET] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.CALL_PHONE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_FINE_LOCATION] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_MOCK_LOCATION] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_COARSE_LOCATION] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.READ_PHONE_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.CAMERA] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.INTERNET] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.VIBRATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.SET_WALLPAPER] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.CAMERA] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.BROADCAST_STICKY] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.CALL_PHONE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.CALL_PRIVILEGED] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WRITE_SETTINGS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WRITE_SECURE_SETTINGS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.READ_CONTACTS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WRITE_CONTACTS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.SYSTEM_ALERT_WINDOW] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.INTERNAL_SYSTEM_WINDOW] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ADD_SYSTEM_SERVICE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.VIBRATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.BLUETOOTH] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.BLUETOOTH_ADMIN] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.REORDER_TASKS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.CHANGE_CONFIGURATION] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WAKE_LOCK] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.MODIFY_AUDIO_SETTINGS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.STATUS_BAR] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.READ_SMS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WRITE_SMS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.SET_TIME_ZONE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_WIFI_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.READ_PHONE_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.MODIFY_PHONE_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.DEVICE_POWER] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.DISABLE_KEYGUARD] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.INTERNET] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.PROCESS_OUTGOING_CALLS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_COARSE_LOCATION] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WRITE_APN_SETTINGS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.BROADCAST_SMS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.BROADCAST_WAP_PUSH] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.CHANGE_WIFI_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.CHANGE_NETWORK_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.RECEIVE_BOOT_COMPLETED] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.SHUTDOWN] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.RECORD_AUDIO] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.BACKUP] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.USE_SIP] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.STOP_APP_SWITCHES] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.RESTART_PACKAGES] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.READ_PHONE_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.INTERNET] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.VIBRATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_COARSE_LOCATION] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_FINE_LOCATION] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.INTERNET] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.READ_PHONE_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.VIBRATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.RECORD_AUDIO] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.INTERNET] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.READ_PHONE_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.VIBRATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.RECORD_AUDIO] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.VIBRATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.INTERNET] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_WIFI_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.CHANGE_NETWORK_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.CHANGE_WIFI_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.INTERNET] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WAKE_LOCK] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.READ_PHONE_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.VIBRATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.READ_CONTACTS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.RECORD_AUDIO] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.CAMERA] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_FINE_LOCATION] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=com.beejive.im.fbchat.permission.C2D_MESSAGE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=com.google.android.c2dm.permission.RECEIVE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.RECEIVE_BOOT_COMPLETED] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.VIBRATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.READ_CONTACTS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.READ_USER_DICTIONARY] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WRITE_USER_DICTIONARY] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.RESTART_PACKAGES] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.VIBRATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.READ_USER_DICTIONARY] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WRITE_USER_DICTIONARY] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.RECORD_AUDIO] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.READ_CONTACTS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.CAMERA] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.VIBRATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.BROADCAST_STICKY] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_FINE_LOCATION] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.INTERNET] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.MODIFY_AUDIO_SETTINGS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.INTERNET] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_FINE_LOCATION] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.INTERNET] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_FINE_LOCATION] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.INTERNET] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.CAMERA] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WAKE_LOCK] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.READ_PHONE_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_FINE_LOCATION] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_COARSE_LOCATION] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.INTERNET] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.VIBRATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=andorid.permission.WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.INTERNET] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.INTERNET] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.READ_PHONE_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WRITE_INTERNAL_STORAGE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WRITE_SETTINGS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.RECEIVE_BOOT_COMPLETED] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.CALL_PHONE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.READ_CONTACTS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WRITE_CONTACTS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.RECEIVE_SMS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.RECEIVE_MMS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.SEND_SMS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.VIBRATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.INTERNET] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.READ_SMS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WRITE_SMS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.CHANGE_NETWORK_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.READ_PHONE_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WAKE_LOCK] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.INSTALL_DRM] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.VIBRATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.READ_USER_DICTIONARY] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WRITE_USER_DICTIONARY] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.RECORD_AUDIO] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.READ_CONTACTS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.RECEIVE_BOOT_COMPLETED] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.READ_PHONE_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=com.googlecode.eyesfree.inputmethod.latin.PERMISSION_REQUEST] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=com.google.android.marvin.talkback.PERMISSION_SEND_INTENT_BROADCAST_COMMANDS_TO_TALKBACK] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.READ_PHONE_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.GET_TASKS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_WIFI_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_FINE_LOCATION] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=com.android.vending.BILLING] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.INTERNET] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.CALL_PHONE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.INTERNET] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_FINE_LOCATION] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.INTERNET] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.READ_CONTACTS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.READ_USER_DICTIONARY] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WRITE_USER_DICTIONARY] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.READ_SMS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.RECORD_AUDIO] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.VIBRATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.INTERNET] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=com.android.vending.BILLING] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.INTERNET] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_WIFI_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.READ_PHONE_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WAKE_LOCK] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.RECORD_AUDIO] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.BLUETOOTH] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.INTERNET] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_FINE_LOCATION] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.INTERNET] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.READ_CONTACTS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.INTERNET] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_FINE_LOCATION] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.READ_PHONE_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.VIBRATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.READ_CONTACTS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.SEND_SMS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.MOUNT_UNMOUNT_FILESYSTEMS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.RECEIVE_BOOT_COMPLETED] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.INTERNET] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.PERSISTENT_ACTIVITY] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WAKE_LOCK] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.INTERNET] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.PERSISTENT_ACTIVITY] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.VIBRATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WAKE_LOCK] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.CAMERA] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.INTERNET] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_FINE_LOCATION] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_WIFI_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.READ_CONTACTS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.CALL_PHONE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.RECEIVE_BOOT_COMPLETED] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=com.android.browser.permission.READ_HISTORY_BOOKMARKS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.INTERNET] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_FINE_LOCATION] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_COARSE_LOCATION] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_FINE_LOCATION] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_COARSE_LOCATION] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.INTERNET] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.READ_PHONE_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.CALL_PHONE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.READ_CONTACTS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.VIBRATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.SEND_SMS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.CAMERA] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.READ_LOGS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_WIFI_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.INTERNET] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.PERSISTENT_ACTIVITY] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WAKE_LOCK] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.INTERNET] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WRITE_SMS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.CALL_PHONE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.READ_PHONE_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.VIBRATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.READ_CONTACTS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WRITE_CONTACTS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_FINE_LOCATION] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.INTERNET] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.RESTART_PACKAGES] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.KILL_BACKGROUND_PROCESSES] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.READ_CONTACTS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WRITE_SETTINGS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.INTERNET] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.VIBRATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.RECEIVE_BOOT_COMPLETED] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WRITE_SETTINGS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_COARSE_LOCATION] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.INTERNET] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.READ_CONTACTS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.READ_PHONE_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.READ_SMS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.RECEIVE_SMS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.SEND_SMS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.VIBRATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WRITE_CONTACTS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WRITE_SMS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.GET_TASKS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=vsin.t16_funny_photo.permission.C2D_MESSAGE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=com.google.android.c2dm.permission.RECEIVE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WAKE_LOCK] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.INTERNET] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.CAMERA] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.SET_WALLPAPER] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.READ_PHONE_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_COARSE_LOCATION] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_FINE_LOCATION] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=com.android.vending.BILLING] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.INTERNET] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.CAMERA] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.FLASHLIGHT] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WAKE_LOCK] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.INTERNET] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=com.google.android.providers.gsf.permission.READ_GSERVICES] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.CAMERA] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.FLASHLIGHT] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WAKE_LOCK] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=com.google.android.gms.permission.ACTIVITY_RECOGNITION] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.INTERNET] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.GET_TASKS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=com.android.vending.BILLING] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.READ_PHONE_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_WIFI_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.GET_ACCOUNTS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WAKE_LOCK] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=com.and.games505.battleislands.permission.C2D_MESSAGE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=com.google.android.c2dm.permission.RECEIVE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.RECORD_AUDIO] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.GET_ACCOUNTS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WAKE_LOCK] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=com.appsbuilder478419.permission.C2D_MESSAGE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=com.google.android.c2dm.permission.RECEIVE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.VIBRATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.RECEIVE_BOOT_COMPLETED] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.INTERNET] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.READ_PHONE_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_COARSE_LOCATION] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_FINE_LOCATION] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_LOCATION_EXTRA_COMMANDS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=com.appsbuilder478419.permission.MAPS_RECEIVE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=com.google.android.providers.gsf.permission.READ_GSERVICES] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.RECORD_AUDIO] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.INTERNET] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.KILL_BACKGROUND_PROCESSES] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WRITE_SETTINGS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.READ_LOGS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_DOWNLOAD_MANAGER] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.RECEIVE_BOOT_COMPLETED] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.READ_PHONE_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.CALL_PHONE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.READ_CONTACTS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WRITE_CONTACTS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.READ_SMS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WRITE_SMS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.RECEIVE_SMS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.RECEIVE_MMS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.GET_PACKAGE_SIZE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.PROCESS_OUTGOING_CALLS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=com.android.browser.permission.READ_HISTORY_BOOKMARKS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.MODIFY_PHONE_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=com.avast.android.generic.CENTRAL_SERVICE_PERMISSION] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=com.avast.android.generic.COMM_PERMISSION] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=com.avast.android.mobilesecurity.permission.C2D_MESSAGE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WAKE_LOCK] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=com.google.android.c2dm.permission.RECEIVE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.VIBRATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=com.bluetornadosf.smartypants.permission.C2D_MESSAGE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=com.google.android.c2dm.permission.RECEIVE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.INTERNET] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.READ_PHONE_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.VIBRATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=com.android.launcher.permission.INSTALL_SHORTCUT] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.RECEIVE_BOOT_COMPLETED] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.MODIFY_AUDIO_SETTINGS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_FINE_LOCATION] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WAKE_LOCK] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.MODIFY_AUDIO_SETTINGS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WRITE_SETTINGS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.CALL_PHONE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.READ_CONTACTS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.RECORD_AUDIO] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.RECEIVE_SMS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.RECEIVE_MMS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WRITE_SMS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.SEND_SMS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.READ_SMS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.BLUETOOTH] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.BLUETOOTH_ADMIN] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.DISABLE_KEYGUARD] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.BROADCAST_STICKY] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=com.android.vending.BILLING] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.INTERNET] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_FINE_LOCATION] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.NFC] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.GET_ACCOUNTS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.USE_CREDENTIALS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=com.android.alarm.permission.SET_ALARM] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.DOWNLOAD_WITHOUT_NOTIFICATION] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.RECEIVE_BOOT_COMPLETED] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.CAMERA] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.READ_SYNC_SETTINGS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WRITE_SYNC_SETTINGS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.AUTHENTICATE_ACCOUNTS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_WIFI_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.CHANGE_WIFI_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_COARSE_LOCATION] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=com.booking.permission.C2D_MESSAGE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=com.booking.permission.RECEIVER] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=com.google.android.providers.gsf.permission.READ_GSERVICES] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=com.google.android.c2dm.permission.RECEIVE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.INTERNET] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_WIFI_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.GET_TASKS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=com.cnn.cnnmoney.permission.C2D_MESSAGE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=com.google.android.c2dm.permission.RECEIVE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WAKE_LOCK] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.INTERNET] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.READ_PHONE_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.MODIFY_AUDIO_SETTINGS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=com.android.vending.BILLING] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.INTERNET] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.CHANGE_NETWORK_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_WIFI_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.GET_ACCOUNTS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.MANAGE_ACCOUNTS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.USE_CREDENTIALS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=com.google.android.providers.gsf.permission.READ_GSERVICES] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=com.google.android.googleapps.permission.GOOGLE_AUTH] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=com.google.android.googleapps.permission.GOOGLE_AUTH.youtube] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=com.google.android.googleapps.permission.GOOGLE_AUTH.YouTubeUser] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WAKE_LOCK] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.VIBRATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.CAMERA] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.CAMERA] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.INTERNET] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.SYSTEM_ALERT_WINDOW] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.RECEIVE_BOOT_COMPLETED] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.VIBRATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.CHANGE_WIFI_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WRITE_SECURE_SETTINGS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WRITE_SETTINGS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WRITE_SYNC_SETTINGS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.CHANGE_NETWORK_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.INTERNET] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.BLUETOOTH] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.BLUETOOTH_ADMIN] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_COARSE_LOCATION] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_FINE_LOCATION] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_WIFI_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.GET_TASKS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=com.google.android.providers.gsf.permission.READ_GSERVICES] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WAKE_LOCK] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=com.google.android.c2dm.permission.RECEIVE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=com.parrot.flowerpower.android.gcm.permission.C2D_MESSAGE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.INTERNET] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_FINE_LOCATION] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=com.android.vending.BILLING] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.READ_PHONE_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.INTERNET] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_WIFI_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WAKE_LOCK] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.VIBRATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=com.android.vending.CHECK_LICENSE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.RECORD_AUDIO] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.INTERNET] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.VIBRATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WAKE_LOCK] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.CAMERA] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WRITE_INTERNAL_STORAGE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.READ_EXTERNAL_STORAGE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=com.android.vending.BILLING] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.GET_ACCOUNTS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.USE_CREDENTIALS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.CHANGE_WIFI_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.BLUETOOTH_ADMIN] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WRITE_SETTINGS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WRITE_SYNC_SETTINGS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.BLUETOOTH] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.READ_SYNC_SETTINGS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.READ_SMS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WRITE_SMS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.INTERNET] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_FINE_LOCATION] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.CALL_PHONE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.READ_CONTACTS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_COARSE_LOCATION] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.RECEIVE_BOOT_COMPLETED] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_WIFI_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.VIBRATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WAKE_LOCK] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=com.android.alarm.permission.SET_ALARM] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.SEND_SMS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.RECEIVE_SMS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.MODIFY_AUDIO_SETTINGS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.BROADCAST_STICKY] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.READ_EXTERNAL_STORAGE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.DISABLE_KEYGUARD] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=com.google.android.c2dm.permission.RECEIVE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.RECORD_AUDIO] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.GET_ACCOUNTS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.USE_CREDENTIALS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.READ_LOGS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.GET_TASKS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.READ_PHONE_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=com.android.vending.BILLING] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.PROCESS_OUTGOING_CALLS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.READ_CALL_LOG] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WRITE_CONTACTS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.SYSTEM_ALERT_WINDOW] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=com.speaktoit.assistant.permission.C2D_MESSAGE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.READ_PROFILE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.GET_ACCOUNTS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.INTERNET] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_WIFI_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.CALL_PHONE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.CAMERA] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.READ_CONTACTS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.READ_PHONE_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.READ_CALL_LOG] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.SEND_SMS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=com.android.vending.BILLING] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.CAMERA] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.INTERNET] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=com.google.android.providers.gsf.permission.READ_GSERVICES] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_COARSE_LOCATION] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_FINE_LOCATION] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.AUTHENTICATE_ACCOUNTS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.GET_ACCOUNTS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.MANAGE_ACCOUNTS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=com.google.android.c2dm.permission.RECEIVE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=com.tripadvisor.android.lib.tamobile.permission.MAPS_RECEIVE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=com.tripadvisor.tripadvisor.permission.C2D_MESSAGE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WAKE_LOCK] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.INTERNET] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.READ_EXTERNAL_STORAGE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.VIBRATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.INTERNET] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.CALL_PHONE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.SET_WALLPAPER] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.SET_WALLPAPER_HINTS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.VIBRATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.GET_ACCOUNTS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=me.everything.launcher.permission.READ_SETTINGS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=me.everything.launcher.permission.WRITE_SETTINGS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=com.htc.launcher.permission.READ_SETTINGS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=com.motorola.launcher.permission.READ_SETTINGS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=com.motorola.dlauncher.permission.READ_SETTINGS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=com.fede.launcher.permission.READ_SETTINGS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=com.lge.launcher.permission.READ_SETTINGS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=org.adw.launcher.permission.READ_SETTINGS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=com.android.launcher3.permission.READ_SETTINGS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=com.android.launcher.permission.READ_SETTINGS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=com.android.browser.permission.READ_HISTORY_BOOKMARKS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.INTERNET] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_FINE_LOCATION] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=com.android.alarm.permission.SET_ALARM] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WAKE_LOCK] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.READ_CONTACTS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.READ_SMS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.READ_CALENDAR] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WRITE_CALL_LOG] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.READ_CALL_LOG] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.RECEIVE_SMS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.READ_PHONE_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.GET_TASKS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=me.everything.launcher.permission.C2D_MESSAGE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=com.google.android.c2dm.permission.RECEIVE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=com.google.android.gm.permission.READ_CONTENT_PROVIDER] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_WIFI_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.CHANGE_WIFI_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.CHANGE_WIFI_MULTICAST_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.BROADCAST_STICKY] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=com.android.ContactWidget.permission.READ_SETTINGS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.RECEIVE_MMS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.DISABLE_KEYGUARD] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.SYSTEM_ALERT_WINDOW] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.REORDER_TASKS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.BLUETOOTH] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.RECEIVE_BOOT_COMPLETED] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=com.google.android.gms.permission.ACTIVITY_RECOGNITION] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=com.google.android.providers.gsf.permission.READ_GSERVICES] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.BLUETOOTH_ADMIN] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.CHANGE_NETWORK_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.CLEAR_APP_CACHE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.PROCESS_OUTGOING_CALLS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.READ_PROFILE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.FLASHLIGHT] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.GET_PACKAGE_SIZE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.KILL_BACKGROUND_PROCESSES] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.SEND_SMS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WRITE_CALENDAR] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WRITE_CONTACTS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WRITE_SETTINGS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=com.android.launcher.permission.INSTALL_SHORTCUT] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=com.android.launcher.permission.UNINSTALL_SHORTCUT] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.MODIFY_PHONE_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.AUTHENTICATE_ACCOUNTS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.MANAGE_ACCOUNTS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.USE_CREDENTIALS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.READ_SYNC_SETTINGS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.READ_SYNC_STATS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WRITE_SYNC_SETTINGS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.INTERNET] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.ACCESS_WIFI_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.READ_EXTERNAL_STORAGE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.READ_PHONE_STATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.GET_ACCOUNTS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.READ_CONTACTS] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.READ_PROFILE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.VIBRATE] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.SYSTEM_ALERT_WINDOW] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.RECEIVE_BOOT_COMPLETED] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.WAKE_LOCK] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.CAMERA] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.DOWNLOAD_WITHOUT_NOTIFICATION] -> null
uses-permission [android:name=android.permission.GET_TASKS] -> null
